docs: add CLAUDE.md guidance for AI-assisted development (#196)
castastrophe/postcss-licensing: CLAUDE.md

yarn lint        # eslint check
yarn format      # eslint --fix
```

Husky + lint-staged run eslint/prettier on commit; don't bypass with `--no-verify`.

## Testing

Tests compare `fixtures/<name>.css` processed by the plugin against
`expected/<name>.css` — an exact string match, including whitespace and the
trailing newline. For new behavior: add a fixture, add an expected file, and
add a test in `test.js` using the existing `compare()`/`fetchWarnings()`
helpers. Warning text must match `messages.fileNotFound()` exactly.

## Releases and changesets

Releases are automated by **Changesets** (the release workflow opens a
"Version Packages" PR). For any change that affects consumers, run
`yarn changeset`, pick the bump (patch = fix, minor = feature,
major = breaking), and commit the generated `.changeset/*.md` file with your
change. The changeset summary becomes the CHANGELOG entry — write it for a
human reader. Docs/CI/test-only changes need no changeset. Never edit
`CHANGELOG.md` or the `version` field in `package.json` by hand.

## Commit messages

Use Conventional Commits:

```text
<type>(<optional-scope>): <imperative subject, ≤100 chars, lowercase, no period>

> <body: what changed and why, in plain prose, wrapped ~72–80 chars>

Author: ```suggestion
<body: what changed and why, in plain prose, no-wrap, 1-2 sentences <80 chars>
```
